feat: update middleware related content (#23)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/develop/advanced/database.md

## NoSQL

> The NoSQL cluster is not deployed by default in Terminus, but it can be installed from the Market easily. The administrator just needs to install the [**MongoDB**](https://market.jointerminus.com/middleware/mongodb) middleware, and the [Percona Operator for MongoDB](https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator) will then manage the **MongoDB** cluster. Users can horizontally scale **MongoDB** Cluster replicas, as well as backup and restore databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NoSQL cluster is not deployed by default in Terminus, but it can be easily installed from the Market. To set up a NoSQL cluster, the administrator needs to install the [**MongoDB**](https://market.jointerminus.com/middleware/mongodb) middleware. Once installed, the [Percona Operator for MongoDB](https://github.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator) automatically manages the **MongoDB** cluster. Users can then horizontally scale **MongoDB** cluster replicas, as well as perform backup and restore operations on databases.
```

> You can specify detailed information for MongoDB in [TerminusManifest.yaml](../package/manifest.md#middleware) as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify detailed configuration for MongoDB in [TerminusManifest.yaml](../package/manifest.md#middleware) as follows:
```
